docs: moderation doc update (#40831)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/moderated-sessions.mdx

Because this sample policy requires that at least one user with the `auditor` role to be present
as a moderator to start SSH or Kubernetes sessions, a user assigned this `prod-access` role 
won't be able to start any sessions until the policy requirements are fulfilled. 

> The `require_session_join` will apply to all of the user's SSH or Kubernetes sessions including
> other roles with different resource labeling. If you do not want to require session joining for
> all user sessions applying this as a Access Request role is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `require_session_join` rules apply to all of the user's sessions, including
those that are accessible via other roles. If you do not want to require moderation
for user sessions, we recommend using access requests to temporarily assume a role
for resources that should require moderation.
```
